Update Device Agent docs for new onboarding (#8001)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/device-agent/introduction.md

# FlowFuse Device Agent

### Overview

FlowFuse Device Agent allows you to remotely manage Node-RED instances running on your hardware, for example, devices on your factory floor.

The Agent creates a secure connection between the FlowFuse Platform and your devices, enabling you to manage and deploy your applications.

### Get Started

> The Device Agent can be installed on any hardware capable of running Node.js / Node-RED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the Device Agent on any hardware capable of running Node.js / Node-RED.
```
